SOURCE: https://downshiftology.com/

Downshiftology
Skip to content
Home
About
About Lisa
Contact
Philosophy
FAQ’s
Travel
Lifestyle
April 3, 2026
Almond Cake
This almond cake is the perfect dessert for any occasion. Serve it plain for afternoon tea, or top it with whipped cream and fresh fruit…
Downshiftology
April 2, 2026
Crustless Quiche (Spinach & Gruyère)
This crustless quiche with spinach and Gruyère cheese is one of my go-to brunch recipes when I’m entertaining. It’s incredibly easy, looks beautiful on the…
April 1, 2026
Ultimate Chicken Salad
Chicken salad is a classic dish, but my version has a little something extra that makes it the best chicken salad recipe (keep reading below!)…
March 26, 2026
Rack of Lamb (Dijon Herb Crust)
This oven roasted rack of lamb with a Dijon herb crust is a beautiful centerpiece for any holiday dinner. Plus, it’s a lot easier to…
March 23, 2026
Classic Fruit Salad
You can’t beat this easy fruit salad recipe! This summertime classic is a simple combination of seasonal fruit drizzled with a bright honey lime dressing.…
Hi there, I’m Lisa!
And I love
healthy food
with fresh, simple, and seasonal ingredients. I’m a bestselling cookbook author, food blogger, meal prep fanatic, YouTuber, and massive wanderluster (getting food inspiration from around the world!)
More About Lisa
My Youtube Channel
Classic Deviled Eggs
Deviled eggs are a classic appetizer and perfect for parties, potlucks, and holiday dinners like Easter, Thanksgiving, and Christmas! They’re easy to make with a…
Beet Pickled Deviled Eggs
Bacon Deviled Eggs
Smoked Salmon Deviled Eggs
Spicy Deviled Eggs
Honey Baked Ham
Who knew that a homemade honey baked ham was this easy? As long as you’ve got the temperature, time, and this insanely good spiced, honey…
Easy Roast Chicken
Garlic Rosemary Grilled Lamb Chops
Best Baked Salmon
Best Prime Rib (Garlic Herb Crust)
Broccoli Salad
This classic broccoli salad will delight you time and again! It’s the tastiest mix of crunchy broccoli, crispy bacon, red onion, cranberries, sunflower seeds, goat…
Pea Salad
Egg Salad
Classic Potato Salad
French Carrot Salad
Gluten-Free Carrot Cake
This gluten-free carrot cake has been a reader favorite for years! It’s made with three layers of perfectly spiced carrot cake and just the right…
See the Recipe
The #1 Bestselling Cookbook
Downshiftology Healthy Meal Prep Cookbook
100+ Make-Ahead Recipes and Quick-Assembly Meals
Order Yours Today
SHOP My Favorite Products
Amazon Storefront
Kitchen Tools
Meal Prep + Storage
Cookware
Pantry Staples
Kitchen Appliances
Coconut Curry Chicken
Coconut curry chicken is my favorite one-pan meal packed with comforting flavor. The chicken simmers in a creamy coconut milk sauce with warm curry spices,…
Chicken Stir Fry
Chicken Piccata
Chicken Fajitas
Mediterranean Ground Beef Stir Fry
Crispy Baked Chicken Thighs
These crispy and juicy baked chicken thighs make for the perfect weeknight meal. They’re incredibly easy to make, packed with flavor, have the crispiest skin,…
Ultimate Chicken Salad
Greek Sheet Pan Chicken
Crockpot Salsa Verde Chicken
Creamy Tuscan Chicken
Browse Recipes
Search
Breakfast
Salads
Appetizers
Dinner
Side Dishes
Drinks
Greek Lemon Chicken
This lemon chicken recipe is all about juicy, tender, and golden-baked chicken thighs coated with the best lemon-herb Greek marinade. It’s quick to prep, easy…
Greek Salad
Mediterranean Cod en Papillote (Fish in Parchment Paper)
Mediterranean Lentil Soup
Greek Chicken Souvlaki
Easy Overnight Oats
Learn how to make the perfect batch of overnight oats! Overnight oats are one of the easiest, no-cook breakfast options that will leave you with…
How to Make Chia Pudding
Lemon Ricotta Protein Pancakes
Clean & Lean Protein Breakfast Bowl
Breakfast Sausage
20 Best Soup Recipes
15 Best High-Protein Salad Recipes
41 High Protein Dinner Ideas
60+ Best Mediterranean Diet Recipes
As Seen In
©2026 Downshiftology.
All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy
|
Disclaimer
|
How We Develop Recipes
|
Terms of Use
Powered by
CultivateWP